Readme.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <img src=".githubages/assets/images/Marketing/MongoPassBanner.jpg" alt="MongoPass Banner">
</div>

# This is Mongo with Python app called MongoPass

<div align="center">
    <img src=".githubages/assets/images/Marketing/MongoPass_Screenshot.jpg" alt="MongoPass Banner">
</div>

## At Compass

![CompassAfterAddAPassword](.githubages/assets/images/Compass/CompassAfterAddAPassword.jpg)
![CompassPasswordRegistry](.githubages/assets/images/Compass/CompassPasswordRegistry.jpg)

## CLI in action

![CLITheMenu](.githubages/assets/images/CLI/CLITheMenu.jpg)
![CLISignUp](.githubages/assets/images/CLI/CLISignUp.jpg)
![CLISuccessfullLogin](.githubages/assets/images/CLI/CLISuccessfullLogin.jpg)
![CLIAfterLogin](.githubages/assets/images/CLI/CLIAfterLogin.jpg)
![CLINewPassword](.githubages/assets/images/CLI/CLINewPassword.jpg)
![CLIShowPasswords](.githubages/assets/images/CLI/CLIShowPasswords.jpg)
![CLIShowPasswordByPlatform](.githubages/assets/images/CLI/CLIShowPasswordByPlatform.jpg)

## GUI In action

![SignUp](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/SignUp.jpg)
![RegisterSuccess](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/RegisterSuccess.jpg)
![NewUser](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/NewUser.jpg)
![ErrorExample](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/ErrorExample.jpg)
![MongoPass](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/MongoPass.jpg)
![AddNew](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/AddNew.jpg)
![AddPlatform](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/AddPlatform.jpg)
![AddUser](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/AddUser.jpg)
![AddPassword](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/AddPassword.jpg)
![AddTags](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/AddTags.jpg)
![AppWithAPassword](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/AppWithAPassword.jpg)

## First step, the .env

Please copy the `.env.example` file to `.env` and fill the variables with your own values.

```
cp .env.example .env
```

## To install and run the app

```
python -m venv venv
source ./venv/Scripts/activate
pip install pymongo bcrypt python-decouple
python ./gui.py
deactivate
```

## To run the app

```
python -m venv venv

source ./venv/Scripts/activate
python ./gui.py
```

## How to quit the app

```
deactivate
```

<div align="center">
    <img src=".githubages/assets/images/Marketing/MongoPass.jpg" alt="Mongo Pass">
</div>

## Pylar AI Creative ML Free License

This project is licensed under the [Pylar AI Creative ML Free License](LICENSE.md). For further details about this license, please visit the [official source HuggingFace/superdatas](https://huggingface.co/spaces/superdatas/free-license).

Commit message:

gh 1.0.1.d Unibody and Reveal Passwords

Readme.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <img src=".githubages/assets/images/Marketing/MongoPassBanner.jpg" alt="MongoPass Banner">
</div>

# This is Mongo with Python app called MongoPass

<div align="center">
    <img src=".githubages/assets/images/Marketing/MongoPass_Screenshot.jpg" alt="MongoPass Banner">
</div>

## At Compass

![CompassAfterAddAPassword](.githubages/assets/images/Compass/CompassAfterAddAPassword.jpg)
![CompassPasswordRegistry](.githubages/assets/images/Compass/CompassPasswordRegistry.jpg)

## CLI in action

![CLITheMenu](.githubages/assets/images/CLI/CLITheMenu.jpg)
![CLISignUp](.githubages/assets/images/CLI/CLISignUp.jpg)
![CLISuccessfullLogin](.githubages/assets/images/CLI/CLISuccessfullLogin.jpg)
![CLIAfterLogin](.githubages/assets/images/CLI/CLIAfterLogin.jpg)
![CLINewPassword](.githubages/assets/images/CLI/CLINewPassword.jpg)
![CLIShowPasswords](.githubages/assets/images/CLI/CLIShowPasswords.jpg)
![CLIShowPasswordByPlatform](.githubages/assets/images/CLI/CLIShowPasswordByPlatform.jpg)

## GUI In action

### New in this version
![Left Click to reveal](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/AppLeftClickReveal.jpg)

### We maintain in this version
![SignUp](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/SignUp.jpg)
![RegisterSuccess](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/RegisterSuccess.jpg)
![NewUser](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/NewUser.jpg)
![ErrorExample](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/ErrorExample.jpg)
![MongoPass](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/MongoPass.jpg)
![AddNew](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/AddNew.jpg)
![AddPlatform](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/AddPlatform.jpg)
![AddUser](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/AddUser.jpg)
![AddPassword](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/AddPassword.jpg)
![AddTags](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/AddTags.jpg)
![AppWithAPassword](.githubages/assets/images/GUI/AppWithAPassword.jpg)

## First step, the .env

Please copy the `.env.example` file to `.env` and fill the variables with your own values.

```
cp .env.example .env
```

## To install and run the app

```
python -m venv venv
source ./venv/Scripts/activate
pip install pymongo bcrypt python-decouple
python ./gui.py
deactivate
```

## To run the app

```
python -m venv venv

source ./venv/Scripts/activate
python ./gui.py
```

## How to quit the app

```
deactivate
```

<div align="center">
    <img src=".githubages/assets/images/Marketing/MongoPass.jpg" alt="Mongo Pass">
</div>

## Pylar AI Creative ML Free License

This project is licensed under the [Pylar AI Creative ML Free License](LICENSE.md). For further details about this license, please visit the [official source HuggingFace/superdatas](https://huggingface.co/spaces/superdatas/free-license).
